---
layout: withoutaudio
permalink: /call_for_videos_en/
title: "Record Videos to contribute Trek fanfilms"
date: 2017-05-01 14:00
description: "We invite you to join us to make TReK'd"
tag: TReK'd 
author: "TReK'd Production Team"
---

> This is a Google tanslation English version of the article [录制视频帮助制作星际迷航粉丝剧](http://trekin.space/call_for_videos/). Modified but still not good enough. You'll adapt, resistance to read is futile.


## What is TRek'd?

TRek'd is a Star Trek fan film project, is currently kind of slow in progress.

[Trailer is online](https://v.qq.com/x/page/h0191mq0dhl.html)

Director Da Han is a very talented Star Trek enthusiast from the United States, and creativity is always shocking to others. Doing Star Trek fan films is his hobby, director of the earliest Star Trek fans (one), but also because of hobbies, can only do with the spare time, so the project is now relatively slow to promote.

Martin (Martin), a software engineer from Germany, played in the Trek'd as an unsuccessful father Horatio. Although since childhood there is the dream of Star Captain, the fate of his reduced to become a mediocre museum museum curator. Fortunately, this museum is a retired Enterprise, which allows him to feel a pride in front of his son.

It was the usual day, and Horatio went to the museum for routine inspections, and it was a few days before the anniversary of the battle of Khitomer. The ceremony was held at the museum. Whether it is a high-level officer of the Star or a new student who has just entered the Starcraft Academy, will be gathered here, Horatio as a curator, a lot of tedious but important things waiting for him.

Horatio is a family guy, stubborn, old school, all this time, not used Transporters to avoid being break apart, every day by space elevator to get off work, even if the elevator has been some years, it is estimated that only he used it.

Completed part of the work, he took a break to drink tea, not enough time to let the replicator took away the cup, cup make abnormal sound, has begun to shake. Not like his dream as a captain of a adventurous career, as a curator, he has been accustomed to routine routine, so that the current situation he was even not excited. "It is perhaps some genius child visiting who be able to start something" he thought, in order to understand the whole ship situation, he immediately got up to the bridge, although the ship has long been retired, but the bridge still acts as a museum monitoring room function , The sensor data should be able to explain what's happening.

Arrived at the bridge, through the screen he saw her has been out of the top of the space elevator berth, began to speed up the original static orbit. He immediately reached the driving position and found that the engine had started. He knew that the engine could not work, and even part of the engine has been cut in section in order to show the internal working mechanism for visitors to learn.

With full doubts, Horatio was forced to embark on an unknown trip ...

## Current Shooting Progress

Very grateful to the actors involved in the early shooting, meow Beiyu, Shook , etc., etc., with you， we have the progress of the present. I am sorry to use the "etc" and not listing all the people, I joined later than you do, did not act with you, am now responsible for behind the scenes.

The main story shooting has been completed a half, so we intend to public the first half part, to thank all who participate in the early shooting, but **we also need everyone's help**.

Horatio found the reasons for the ship started, on way the road was also mysterious people boarded the ship, and finally parked on a planet orbit, landing parties to the planets to investigate and find the real initiator behind all these.

All the story to come we look forward to your opinions, lets make this big.

## Please Help Us by Record Short Videos

We have some material, in order to make the content more substantial, where we urge everyone to join our production, recording video submission to us.

### Style

I believe we have seen most of the star trek drama at the beginning as a captain's log, first officer's log etc., but Star Trek rarely show the normal crew members' daily work, we intend to insert more in the main story of this log fragment.

In addition, the call between the crew is mostly audio-based (touch the chest for the communicator), we wonder why not video calls? Imagine the feeling of walking in the starship corridor with a selfee stick ...

Record video in the form of a crew log or video call. Just face the phone / computer camera and act, the background can be:

* Pure white / green (green curtain) wall, so that we can be processed later as if you are in the corridor, crew quarters and so on;
* Of course, if you can not find the white or green wall, then the other solid background can also ok, and welcome to play with your own imaginations, all places like a starship would be great, of course, do not have things to reflect the today's age (unless you Set yourself as a 21st century retro lovers). These things can be post-processing, but will increase the workload. 

### Sets

Combined with the previous story outline, you have these roles to choose:

* Museum staff
* Ordinary tourists, with no knowledge of actual starfleet protocol.
* Starcraft College students
* Star Fleet staff
* use your imagination, any other characters that meet the story is ok.

I guess there are many of you who hope to work on a star ship but your Starfleet grade is very bad that you can only compremise to take a job of cleaning Enterprise's decks. It's still exciting, isn't it.

Clothes / uniforms or makeup please match the selected role, race, type of work and so on.

By the order of time, this log recording / video call occurs as follow:

1. Start the day of work (museum staff) / just started to visit the museum (visitors)
2. The curator Horatio came and the things became serious
3. The ship began to fly and out of control, you fell fear / madness / does not matter
4. The ship is controlled by unknown forces and is flying, uncertain, fear, the captain does not know how to do it
5. Be boarded (who boarded the ship? you can refer to something like Q who likes to play with and control other people's mind. Here their name is cowboy and Pepe, whether or not to use this specific name is your choice)
6. Beam down to planet, after investigation, found a box (at this time do not know what it is. if you really want to know what this is - after,it is found that this is a box left behind by a crazy scientists who use this box to control minds, smaller than Landru. Do not show you know what this box is, but you can guess) 

### Examples

Above the time points listed, some are chose to give you a little example, in text only, we want you to record videos. Use colloquial language. Language can be optional, can be in Mandarin or English or any language (even dialects ... ). Choose those Sets and press record and act. you can record all those 6 Sets.

#### Set 1

Video call: "Jack, I finally come to this dream place. So after I completed the preliminary study of quantum mechanics, and after you completed the treatment of ** disease, we will apply together for Starcraft Academy! Excited!"

You can add any details you want. Call any body. Call your friend who can also record it so both of you can contribute. If you record a number of set in a row, you can also let the details develop. open your imagination, Funny and any other styles are welcome.

Messages can contain poems, thoughts, complaints, anger, fear, humor, singing, etc...

#### Set 2

staff who wipe the floor: "boss appeared!! a little coffee stains on the floor make him actually nagging for a long time,  Oh my!"

Can be called as: curator, Horatio, heleixiu (in pinyin, for now we do not have a good Chinese name, feel free to play) and so on

This means that you can help to develop the characteristics of the protagonist, refer to the story line stated before.

#### Set 3

Ordinary tourists, dog alian, the boat flew in the event of bumps, looking out the window outside the sky, lean against wall, said: "Shit! Me the dog just have a nice meal, do not want to spit it!

#### Set 6

Here if you want to indicate the box, you can find any box instead, or perform a no physical performance. 

### Submission Method

Recorded and throwing us, laughs and fails would be cutted later. You don't need to cut it. we will deal with it. Have Fun.

* E-mail : [subspacesignal@qq.com](mailto:subspacesignal@qq.com).
* If you have joined the TReK'd Fandom Central Wechat group, you can directly sent there.
* Post videos on Weibo and @ us. The Weibo is [@迷于星际迷航播客](http://weibo.com/lostinst). 

## Our Promises

We are at zero cost production, I am sorry we are not able to pay for your contributions/submission.

Your name (role name and signature) will be displayed in the credits. Role name can give by your own. If not, we may give the name of "crewman 1", "crewman 2" and so on ... ...

Video clips will be used in the first episode of the fan film TReK'd, of course, if we can get everyone's help, let this project go on smoothly,you may later appear in later episodes.

Your portrait, reputation and other rights will never be violated, to contribute is a great honor for us. Without permission, we will not tamper with, spoof or commercialize the videos you sent. We may adjust your lines, let you say it again, or find a similar person dubbing, of course, after your kind permissions. Any form of release (screenshot / video clips) will only perform after your permission.

If necessary, your name does not need to be a real name when shown on the credits. In the video your record, masks are allowed.

The way you communicate with us (mailboxes, telephones, micro signals, etc.) will be kept strictly confidential. If you are use a public way to submit (Post a vedio Weibo, or post in WeChat group), the corresponding Weibo/WeChat account will be public naturally, if you mind, please pay attention. In the WeChat group, pay attention to your own privacy and security, of course, all the people in our Wechat group are fans of Star Trek and they are nice.

Thank you all. 
